she just wants to be beautiful she goes
unnoticed she knows no you can't keep
using your father's disappearance as an
excuse to act out is that his work
what's it about he believes that we
could travel the universe
instantaneously so you fall space more
likely weren't going you must really
miss them more than anything in the
universe then how about we go and find
him let's go dad was right it really is
possible this is my favorite plan of the
entire galaxy
who are you we are in search of warriors
your father has done an extraordinary
thing but he may be in danger
alive we believe he is and the
only one who can find them is Hugh
you're kidding
do I look like I'm kidding a little I'm
not I'm not you're going to be tested
every step of the way
have faith in who you are try
[Music]
it isn't safe here
trust nothing he's not leave without my
father
[Music]
you are stronger than I ever was
let's be a warrior
trust me I
[Music]